alberto dualib everybody knows what no one knew until recently they were
the various phases of the former president of corinthians
new wiretaps from the federal police show the lack of
this man's commitment to the club that
of one of the biggest fans in the country
after two months in london
I go further back to São Paulo and the Corinthians since to the palm trees in the
first round of the brazilian
I think I'm going to tell you that it's full that you lost.
on the side
please please help me arrive
Then I regret it because Luca arrived with the palm trees on the wire
still reveal
a common feature
josé gualberto eliana all traffic representative of msi in corinthians
speak badly of players
technical
and fellow club members
in this passage the libido talks about the players who stayed after the exit
from tevez
what went to the former titan of england
for your night shift today
is elaborate and can not speak a chance
the deaths in every thousand live births
after eight
caco ricci the lead of the stage against germany celebrates our client has a
centerpiece
and mother runs
no team has no borders finished the last
let guga
However it was good to score or we did not play
confirmed
in the north of the state
we do not practice
I think something good of the day
angelica
he will face this tragedy led on high
is an injustice or old age or if the rapper is to end the pac she should
shake the crowd is there he opt for the man like any family for every
pocket
another person also appears a conversation with dutra
is the pomegranate former director of Corinthians football the two show themselves
concerned about the actions of the police that could
the preventive detention of the Vice-President nesi curi
she denies that
the melon the German leader porsche and modern factory
there is no way worth the steel we wanted the second accused okay
but it's great
Only I can not play together.
no no no
threw the athlete in the two
after robert gibbs talks about the sufficiency thread
cash in the club
and vent
everybody has two faces at the end
the winning teams
it's a liar
in controversial bid
the wii continues to increase surveillance and clear holidays that did not meet the
money pay the bills to music
and believe they would have sued the battery
my uncle and aunt work
No, I do not have any more bag and get dripping beto cheating everybody.
my fat turned out worse last time
the first
therefore remains
that came irreverent spirit
if I will be the case
terry went to work or had no way to send it to the island in May
I'm twisting swollen will have to be aware also with the
legality of
after all
alberto dualib is the most victorious precedent in the history of corinthians
14 years in which he commanded the club won ouse titles were five
paulistas two copas do brasil the world interclubes
and three Brazilian championships
the last of them in 2005 was marked by the scandal of the arbitration of the 11
games were annulled of the rudder ended indirectly from the successor
benefited when there was only one
three rounds of the end of the competition the corinthians and in the decisive play in the
pacaembu
international encounter that was only three points of the corinthians leader to
The game ended in a draw but the
arbitration
failed to score a clear penalty from the player on my part of the island before the
6th part of him
and celebrated the title
but for many people it was the feeling that deservedly the
should be from the international
is an opinion inclusive of the president 'of the time
alberto dualib in conversation again with job report
As for Libya she spoke of the weak team assembled in 2006
in the evening the federal police recorded the call
a comedy and a bettor
earned but the scheduled travel destination is that
Lula cited complaints
I approve out
both international and international law
these last 5 games
we have 14 points ahead
would there be world understood
just a little
the player